# Credit Commons Developer Client

This php application implements the [Credit Commons protocol](https://gitlab.com/credit-commons/cc-php-lib/-/blob/master/docs/credit-commons-openapi-3.0.yml) from the client side and was developed in tandem with the reference node. Playing the role of 'leaf' in a credit commons tree, it stores no data except perhaps login credentials.

Each API method is shown as a tab with a form, allowing the user to make most possible API requests. The request is then printed to screen along with the response. Some of the responses are rendered as raw json, others a bit more visually.

## Requirements

* A web server such as nginx or apache2 with rewriteEngine module enabled. Note that we had problems configuring Nginx so you might need to debug the autogenerated config file.
* At least php 7.0
* Mysql or mariadb.
* Composer (php package manager). [Install Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download)
* A web browser

## Installation procedure on localhost
Set up a credit commons node as a server i.e. [cc-server](https://gitlab.com/credit-commons/cc-server)

Create a virtualhost in your web server config (examples below)

    $ git clone https://gitlab.com/credit-commons/cc-client.git myccclient
    $ cd myccclient
    $ composer install
Modify /etc/hosts something like ```127.0.0.1 myccclient```

Navigate in your browser to the new virtualhost

The default users in the reference implementation are admin, alice & bob, each with auth key '123'

## Example config
###Apache
    <VirtualHost *:80>
      ServerName myccclient
      DocumentRoot /var/www/myccclient
    </VirtualHost>
### Nginx
@todo
What about .htaccess and nginx?
